in today's video we're going to debunk
some of the most common misconceptions
about yoga and shed light on the true
essence of this ancient practice so
let's get started misconception Number
One Yoga is only for flexible people
this conception number two yoga is only
for women misconception number three you
need expensive equipment and a fancy
Studio to practice yoga it's conception
number four many people have this
misconception that yoga is a religious
misconception number five yoga should
not be done by expected mothers
misconception number six yoga can help
to cure all diseases misconception
number seven yoga is the same for
everyone misconception number eight it
is mandatory to practice yoga early in
the morning misconception number nine
yoga is only for slim people
misconception number 10 there is
absolutely no risk of injury while
practicing yoga misconception number 11
yoga is just physical exercise
misconception number 12 yoga is just a
set of postures we practice well the
truth is you
[Music]
foreign